A guy walks into a library looking for books about paranoia. The librarian whispers, "They're right behind you!"
Did you hear about the guy who invented the knock-knock joke? He won the "no-bell" prize.
Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.
Have you heard about the chocolate record player? It sounds pretty sweet.
How do you tell if a tree is a Dogwood Tree? By its bark!
How does a penguin build its house? Igloos it together.
I dropped my phone in the toilet, and now I have a-ring-tone.
I get tensed up every time I see a chiropractor.
I made a pencil with two erasers. It was pointless.
I only know 25 letters of the alphabet. I don't know y.
I ordered a chicken and an egg online. I'll let you know which one comes first.
I thought the dryer was shrinking my clothes. Turns out it was the refrigerator all along.
I used to be a baker, but I couldn't make enough dough.
I used to be addicted to soap, but I'm clean now.
I used to hate facial hair, but then it grew on me.
I'm afraid for the calendar. Its days are numbered.
I'm on a seafood diet. I see food and I eat it.
I'm reading a book about anti-gravity. It's impossible to put down!
I'm really good at sleeping. I can do it with my eyes closed.
I'm so good at sleeping, I can do it with my eyes closed!
My wife said I should do lunges to stay in shape. That would be a big step forward.
My wife told me to take the spider out instead of killing it. We went out and had a lovely evening together.
Singing in the shower is fun until you get soap in your mouth. Then it's a soap opera.
Two windmills are standing on a wind farm. One asks, "What's your favorite kind of music?" The other replies, "I'm a big metal fan."  
What did the buffalo say when his son left for college? Bison.
What did the dad say to his kid who was wearing headphones? "I can't hear you!"
What did the janitor say when he jumped out of the closet? "Supplies!"
What did the left eye say to the right eye? Between you and me, something smells!
What did the left hand say to the right hand? "Between us, we've got a whole lot of fingers!"
What did the math book say to the guidance counselor? "I have so many problems."
What did the ocean say to the beach? Nothing, it just waved.
What did the paper say to the pencil? "Write on!"
What did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? "Aye Matey!"
What do you call a bear with no teeth? A gummy bear!
What do you call a belt made of watches? A waist of time.
What do you call a cow with no legs? Ground beef.
What do you call a fake noodle? An impasta.
What do you call a fake stone? A sham-rock!
What do you call a fish with no eyes? Fsh.
What do you call a funny mountain? Hill-arious!
What do you call a group of disorganized cats? A cat-tastrophe.
What do you call a lazy kangaroo? A pouch potato.
What do you call a magician who lost their magic? Ian.
What do you call a nervous javelin thrower? Shakespeare.
What do you call a nose that won't grow? No-grow-sis.
What do you call a sad coffee? Depresso.
What do you call a sad strawberry? A blueberry.
What do you call an angry carrot? A steamed veggie.
What do you call someone with no body and no nose? Nobody knows.
What kind of shoes do ninjas wear? Sneakers.
What musical instrument is found in the bathroom? A tuba toothpaste.
What shirt should you wear to a tea party? A t-shirt.
What time did the man go to the dentist? Tooth hurt-y.
Why can't Monday lift Saturday? It's a weak day.
Why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? Because the "P" is silent.
Why did the bicycle fall over? Because it was two tired!
Why did the coffee go to the police? It got mugged.
Why did the golfer wear two pairs of pants? In case he got a hole-in-one.
Why did the man run around his bed? To catch up on his sleep!
Why did the picture go to jail? Because it was framed!
Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field!
Why did the teddy bear say no to dessert? Because she was stuffed.
Why didn't the skeleton cross the road? Because he had no guts.
Why do seagulls fly over the sea? Because if they flew over the bay, they'd be bagels.
Why don't scientists trust atoms? Because they make up everything!
Why don't they play poker in the jungle? Too many cheetahs.
Why was the equal sign so humble? They knew they weren't less than or greater than anyone else.